Improve docs (#7)
kyma-project/helm-broker: README.md

| **APP_DOCUMENTATION_ENABLED** | No | `false` | If set to `true`, the Helm Broker uploads addons documentation to the [Headless CMS](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/headless-cms/). |

## Development

To set up the project, download these tools:

* [Go](https://golang.org/dl/) 1.11.4
* [Dep](https://github.com/golang/dep) v0.5.0
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

>**NOTE:** The versions of Go and Dep are compliant with the `buildpack` used by Prow. For more details, read [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/master/prow/images/buildpack-golang/README.md) document.

Before each commit, use the `before-commit.sh` script which tests your changes and builds binaries. If you want to run the Helm Broker locally, read [this](/docs/run-local.md) document.

Integration tests check if all parts of the Helm-Broker work together. They start `kube-apiserver` with `etcd`, sets up the Controller and the Broker. Before you run it, install [Kubebuilder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder). You can run integration tests using the following command:
```bash
make integration-test
```

> If you want to build Docker images with your changes and push them to a registry, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build Docker images

If you want to build Docker images with your changes and push them to a registry, follow these steps:
```

The Helm Broker is a [Service Broker](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/service-catalog/#service-brokers-overview) which exposes Helm charts as Service Classes in the [Service Catalog](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/service-catalog/#overview-overview). To do so, the Helm Broker uses the concept of addons. An addon is an abstraction layer over a Helm chart which provides all information required to convert the chart into a Service Class.

For more information, read the [Helm Broker documentation](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/helm-broker/). If you need Helm-Broker installed with all dependencies try [Kyma](https://kyma-project.io/).

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: are they up to date?

The Helm Broker is a [Service Broker](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/service-catalog/#service-brokers-overview) which exposes Helm charts as Service Classes in the [Service Catalog](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/service-catalog/#overview-overview). To do so, the Helm Broker uses the concept of addons. An addon is an abstraction layer over a Helm chart which provides all information required to convert the chart into a Service Class.

> For more information, read the [Helm Broker documentation](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/helm-broker/). If you need Helm-Broker installed with all dependencies try [Kyma](https://kyma-project.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, read the [Helm Broker documentation](https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/helm-broker/). If you want to use the Helm Broker with all dependencies, try out [Kyma](https://kyma-project.io/).
```

> 

Reviewer: Please turn back this section. List the requirements to run the project and provide links.

## Installation 

> To run Helm-Broker you need a Kubernetes cluster with Tiller and Service-Catalog installed. To setup Helm-Broker in Minikube with all necessary dependencies follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Helm Broker, you need a Kubernetes cluster with Tiller and Service Catalog. Follow these steps to set up the Helm Broker on Minikube with all necessary dependencies:
```

> If you don't have Minikube installed, follow the [document](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-minikube/).

Reviewer: Add this info to the Prerequisites section.

> Run the Minikube:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the Minikube:
```

```bash
minikube start
``` 

> If you don't have helm installed already, download [the Helm CLI](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm#install).

Reviewer: Add this info to the Prerequisites section.

> Install Tiller into your cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install Tiller into your cluster:
```

```bash
helm init
```

> Install Service-Catalog as a Helm chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Install the Service Catalog as a Helm chart:
```

```bash
helm repo add svc-cat https://svc-catalog-charts.storage.googleapis.com
helm install svc-cat/catalog --name catalog --namespace catalog
```

> Install Helm-Broker chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Install the Helm Broker chart:
```

```bash
helm install charts/helm-broker --name helm-broker --namespace helm-broker
```
## Usage

This section explains how to use the Helm-Broker.

### Provisioning services provided by the Helm-Broker

> If you have installed Helm-Broker with Service-Catalog, you can add an Addon repository and provision Redis instance.

Reviewer: Why do we use Redis example here? Can't we make it more generic?

Author: This is an example of usage. I wanted to show a real case.

These Go and Dep versions are compliant with the `buildpack` used by Prow. For more details read [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/master/prow/images/buildpack-golang/README.md) document.

## Installation 

> To run Helm-Broker you need a Kubernetes cluster with Tiller and Service-Catalog installed. To setup Helm-Broker in Minikube with all necessary dependencies follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: add same link as helm, how to install minikube

Run the Minikube:
```bash
minikube start
``` 

If you don't have helm installed already, download [the Helm CLI](https://github.com/kubernetes/helm#install).
Install Tiller into your cluster:
```bash
helm init
```

Install Service-Catalog as a Helm chart:
```bash
helm repo add svc-cat https://svc-catalog-charts.storage.googleapis.com
helm install svc-cat/catalog --name catalog --namespace catalog
```

Install Helm-Broker chart:
```bash
helm install charts/helm-broker --name helm-broker --namespace helm-broker
```
## Usage

This section explains how to use the Helm-Broker.

### Provisioning services provided by the Helm-Broker

If you have installed Helm-Broker with Service-Catalog, you can add an Addon repository and provision Redis instance.

Add Addon repository configuration:
```bash
kubectl apply -f contrib/sample-addons.yaml
```

After the Helm-Broker processing the addons configuration you can see ClusterServiceClasses:

```bash
kubectl get clusterserviceclass
```

Provision Redis instance:
```bash

> kubectl apply -f contrib/redis-instance.yaml

Reviewer 2: Add to yaml also some input parameters.

```

Now you can check the status of the Redis instance:
```bash
kubectl get serviceinstance

> ```

Reviewer 2: Add yaml to create service binding. Explain what is expected content of the secret.

> ### Run Helm-Broker local version

Reviewer 2: MOve this section to /docs folder. IN development section link to that that file.

#### Controller

| Name | Required | Default | Description |
|-----|---------|--------|------------|
| **APP_CONFIG_FILE_NAME** | No | | Specifies the path to a config YAML file.|
| **APP_TMP_DIR** | Yes | | Path to a temporary directory, used for unpacking addons archives or cloning Git repositories. |
| **APP_KUBECONFIG_PATH** | No |  | The path to the `kubeconfig` file that you need to run an application outside of the cluster. |
| **APP_NAMESPACE** | Yes | | The namespace, where Helm-Broker is installed. |
| **APP_SERVICE_NAME** | Yes | | The name of the Kubernetes Service which is exposing the broker. |
| **APP_CLUSTER_SERVICE_BROKER_NAME** | Yes | | The name of the ClusterServiceBroker resource which registers the Helm-Broker into the Service-Catalog. |
| **APP_DEVELOP_MODE** | No | false | If `true` insecure HTTP based repositories are allowed. |
| **APP_DOCUMENTATION_ENABLED** | No | false | Indicates if Helm-Broker should upload addons documentation to the [Headless CMS](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/headless-cms/). |

## Development

Before each commit, use the `before-commit.sh` script, which tests your changes.

> Integration tests checks if all part of Helm-Broker works together. It starts `kube-apiserver` with `etcd`, setups the controller and the broker. Before you run it, please install [Kubebuilder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder). You can run integration tests using the follwoing command:

Reviewer 2: Explain how to develop a change, build image push and update chart and install upgrade a chart.
